SW updates including reference to Github example and fixed links to e… (#4049)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/kogito-docs/src/main/asciidoc/creating-running/chap-kogito-creating-running.adoc

* `serverless-workflow-greeting-quarkus` and `serverless-workflow-greeting-springboot`: A Serverless Workflow greeting service with both JSON and YAML workflow definitions.
* `serverless-workflow-service-calls-quarkus` and `serverless-workflow-service-calls-springboot`: A Serverless Workflow service for returning country information.
* `serverless-workflow-events-quarkus`: A Serverless Workflow service for processing job applicant approvals and that showcases event-driven services.

> * `serverless-workflow-github-showcase`:  A Serverless Workflow service deployed as a GitHub "bot" application that will react upon a new PR being opened in a given GitHub project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `serverless-workflow-github-showcase`:  A Serverless Workflow service deployed as a GitHub bot application that reacts upon a new PR being opened in a given GitHub project.
```
